OKTA-413125 Overall style edit for OIE embedded auth content - part 1 (#2571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-sign-in-soc-idp/main/ios/integrationsteps.md

application. The sample code wraps the SDK's functionality using a more
prescriptive and explicit interface. It converts the SDK's generic remediation
interface into explicit authentication steps and automatically executes steps

> such, as the code-to-token exchange. The following diagram illustrates this call flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such as the code-to-token exchange. The following diagram illustrates this call flow
```

```

For more information on how to set the `configuration` parameter, see
[the SDK configuration settings section](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/ios/main/#sdk).

#### 2: The user initiates the sign-in flow

When the user initiates the social sign-in process within your app, the next step

> is to call the `login()` method passing in the `facebook` service type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is to call the `login()` method that passes in the `facebook` service type
```
